How do you feel about the current state of minimum wage?
a) It should be raised greatly. 
b) It should be raised slightly.
c) It should stay as it is.
d) The laws surrounding it should be loosened.

Do you favor a single-payer healthcare system?
a) Yes, healthcare should be free and nobody should worry about affording a healthy life.
b) Somewhat, we need to get away from healthcare tied to jobs.
c) No, it promotes socialized medicine.
d) No, it's a drain on the taxpayers.  

Should student loan debt be erased?
a) Yes, entirely.
b) Yes, partially.
c) No, plenty of systems exist to assist in paying back the debt.
d) No, you took the loan out, you pay it back.

Should efforts to combat climate change receive more government funding?
a) Yes, climate change is one of the most important issues of our time.
b) Yes, we have been lagging behind on climate change for too long.
c) Some, but the budget is thin as it is.
d) No, a free-market solution should come first.

What is the best solution for fossil fuels?
a) Installation of renewable energy sources and heavy taxation on fossil fuel companies.
b) Only installation of renewable energy sources.
c) Government subsidies for domestic energy producing companies.
d) Free-market solutions.

Should abortion be legal in the United States?
a) Yes, without question.
b) Yes, but with consultation of a licensed medical professional.
c) No, abortion is murder and should not be allowed in any form.
d) It should be left up to the individual State to decide its legality.

Do you believe that illegal immigrants should have an easier path to U.S. citizenship?
a) Yes, they are integral parts of our economy and should be rewarded for their contribution.
b) Yes, but we need to take steps to stem the flow coming into the country.
c) No, there needs to be steps taken to allow for due process from outside the country.
d) It depends. I support it if the immigrant in question has no history of violence or violent intent.

Do you support the federal legalization of recreational marijuana?
a) Yes, it is a huge boon to taxes and helps millions of people.
b) Yes, but it needs to be closely monitored so as to not be abused.
c) No.
d) Yes, what a person chooses to put in their body is their choice.

Do you support the tightening of gun control laws that may include a ban on assault rifles?
a) Yes, guns can cause so much destruction and no civilian needs to own an assault rifle.
b) Yes, there needs to be more thorough background checks for firearms.
c) No, the cases of gun control gone wrong were because of the person, not the gun.
d) No, if you have the money to buy something, you should be allowed to buy it.

Should the death penalty be allowed?
a) No, it's cruel and unusual.  Killing should not be met with more killing.
b) No, it is unconstitutional.
c) Yes, it is an effective deterrent to crime.
d) No, it is the government abusing its power to the utmost degree.

What is the closest political philosophy you identify with?
a) Liberal
b) Centrist Democrat
c) Conservative Republican
d) Libertarian
